Forwarding the PR by fabianegli (#5)
SlavovLab/SCP_recommendations: README.md

---

The white paper with community guidelines and recommendations is freely available at *Nature Methods*: [*Performing, benchmarking, and reporting single-cell proteomics experiments*](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41592-023-01785-3), *Nature Methods*, **20**, 375--386 (2023) doi: [10.1038/s41592-023-01785-3](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41592-023-01785-3)

The preprint is available at the *arXiv*: [Gatto et al., 2022](https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2207.10815).

For more information, contact [Slavov Laboratory](https://slavovlab.net).

## Running the code in this repository

_Prerequisites_: This recipe assumes a compute system with docker installed and access to the internet.

The code in the SCP recommendations repository can be run with the following sequence of commands:

```
git clone https://github.com/SlavovLab/SCP_recommendations.git
docker run \
  --rm -it \
  --volume $(pwd)/code:/code \
  --volume $(pwd)/figs:/figs \
  fabianegli/scp-recommendations-2022:1.0 \
  Rscript "./code/make_figure2e.R"
```

This will re-create the figures into the `figs` folder mounted to the docker container with the `--volumes` parameter in the command above.

> The [Dockerfile](./Dockerfile) and together with [install_dependencies.R](./install_dependencies.R) were used to produce the Docker image `fabianegli/scp-recommendations-2022:1.0`.

Reviewer: Minor correction and addition of Docker image location.

```suggestion
The [Dockerfile](./Dockerfile) together with [install_dependencies.R](./install_dependencies.R) were used to produce the Docker image `fabianegli/scp-recommendations-2022:1.0` which is available on Docker Hub.
```

Author: Thanks, I adapted the README.
